= memcachedb-client

A ruby library for accessing memcachedb: http://memcachedb.org/

Source:
http://github.com/juggy/memcachedb-client

To install the gem

== Using memcachedb-client

With a single server:
	
	CACHE = MemCacheDb.new :servers=>'localhost:11211'
	
With multiple master servers
	
	CACHE = MemCacheDb.new [{:servers=>'host1:11211', :name=>'host1'}, {:servers=>'host2:11211', :name=>'host2'}]
	
With a single master-slave configuration

	CACHE = MemCacheDb.new :servers=>['localhost:11211', 'localhost:11212']
	
With multiple master-slave configuration
	
	CACHE = MemCacheDb.new [{:servers=>['host1:11211', 'host1:11212'], :name=>'host1'}, {:servers=>['host2:11211', 'host2:11212'], :name=>'host2'}]

	* The master will be determined automatically
	
== Starting memcachedb as a master-slave configuration

	memcachedb -p11211 -r -H ./memcache1 -N -R 127.0.0.1:21211 -O 127.0.0.1:31211 
	
	-p11211 : the memcache port the server will listen to
	-R 127.0.0.1:21211 : the port the replication server will listen to for this instance
	-O 127.0.0.1:31211 : each other replication server in the master-slave group
	-The master will be elected once all servers are started. 
	
== Questions on memcachedb-client ?

	- julien.guimont@gmail.com
	
	
===========================
memcache-client Documentation


= memcache-client

A ruby library for accessing memcached.

Source:

http://github.com/mperham/memcache-client

== Installing memcache-client

Just install the gem:

  $ sudo gem install memcache-client

== Using memcache-client

With one server:

  CACHE = MemCache.new 'localhost:11211'

Or with multiple servers:

  CACHE = MemCache.new %w[one.example.com:11211 two.example.com:11211]


== Tuning memcache-client

The MemCache.new method takes a number of options which can be useful at times.  Please
read the source comments there for an overview.  If you are using Ruby 1.8.x and using
multiple memcached servers, you should install the RubyInline gem for ultimate performance.


== Using memcache-client with Rails

Rails 2.1+ includes memcache-client 1.5.0 out of the box.  See ActiveSupport::Cache::MemCacheStore
and the Rails.cache method for more details.  Rails 2.3+ will use the latest memcache-client
gem installed.


== Questions?

memcache-client is maintained by Mike Perham and was originally written by Bob Cottrell,
Eric Hodel and the seattle.rb crew.

Email::        mailto:mperham@gmail.com
Twitter::      mperham[http://twitter.com/mperham]
WWW::          http://mikeperham.com

If my work on memcache-client is something you support, please take a moment to
recommend me at WWR[http://workingwithrails.com/person/10797-mike-perham].  I'm not
asking for money, just a electronic "thumbs up".
